docs: Added more resources (#2634)
dart-lang/site-www: src/resources/index.md

Check out the following Dart language resources:

<div class="card-grid">
  <div class="card">
    <h3><a href="/resources/books">Books</a></h3>
    <p>A collection of books about Dart.</p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="card">
    <h3><a href="/resources/dartpad-best-practices">DartPad in tutorials: best practices</a></h3>

>     <p>A guide introducing DartPad.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>A guide to using embedded DartPads in educational content for Dart and Flutter users.</p>
```

  </div>

  <div class="card">
    <h3><a href="/code-of-conduct">Code of conduct</a></h3>

>     <p>Dart community members' code of conduct.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Keeping community spaces safe and respectful.</p>
```

  </div>
  
  <div class="card">
    <h3><a href="/faq">Dart FAQ</a></h3>

>     <p>Collection of top questions we’ve heard from the community.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>Answers to questions from the Dart community.</p>
```
